Updates the default From email address configuration instruction (#8774)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/email_communication/email_servers.rst

this address, then all of the email addresses that are different from `mail.default.from` will be
encapsulated in `mail.default.from`.

> If the following configuration won't work configure the following settings:
> 
> 1. Go to the :menuselection:`Settings --> Discuss --> Alias Domain` and click on the arrow near the text field.
> 
> 2. Type a domain name from which you want to send your E-Mails into the `Domain` field (like `example.com`).
> 
> 3. Into the `Default From Alias` field type an e-mail sender user name (like `donotreply`).
> 
> Now all mails will be send from the e-mail: `donotreply@example.com`. 
> 
> Remember to add the whole e-mail address the the `FROM Filtering` field in the outgoing email server's configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the configuration does not work, configure the following settings:

1. Go to the :menuselection:`Settings app --> Discuss section --> Alias Domain`, and click on the
arrow beside the text field.

2. Type a domain name from which emails should be sent into the :guilabel:`Alias Domain` text field
(e.g. `example.com`).

3. Into the `Default From Alias` field, type an email sender user name (like `donotreply`).

Now all mails are sent from the email address: `donotreply@example.com`. 

Remember to add the entire email address the the :guilabel:`FROM Filtering` field, located on the
:guilabel:`Outgoing Mail Servers` form, which is accessible via :menuselection:`Settings app -->
Discuss section`, and clicking :guilabel:`Outgoing Email Servers` beneath the :guilabel:`Use Custom
Email Servers` field.
```
I'm not seeing a 'Default From Alias' field on the Settings app page, nor on the Email Server page -- can you please specify where this particular field is located?

Also can you please specify where in this process the user should click 'Save' on the Settings page to activate the changes/settings. And can you please be a bit more specific about when they should navigate to the Outgoing Email Server configuration page to adjust the 'FROM Filtering' field?

Once you make those changes, please tag me again for another look. Thanks!
